Event query service [DPP-1366] (#16273)
digital-asset/daml: docs/source/app-dev/services.rst

  You can read more about offsets in the `protobuf documentation of the API <../app-dev/grpc/proto-docs.html#ledgeroffset>`__.

.. event-query-service:

Event Query Service (EXPERIMENTAL)
==================================

> Use the **event query service** to obtain a party-specific view of contract related events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the **event query service** to obtain a party-specific view of contract events.
```

> Contract events can be queried by contract-id or contract-key. If the events being queried are not visible to the requesting parties then an empty structure is returned. This service is will return consumed contracts up until the point they are pruned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contract events can be queried by contract-id or contract-key. If the events being queried are not visible to the requesting parties, the service returns an empty structure. This service returns consumed contracts up until they are pruned.
```

> Contract events can be queried by contract-id or contract-key. If the events being queried are not visible to the requesting parties then an empty structure is returned. This service is will return consumed contracts up until the point they are pruned.

Reviewer: Are contract-id and contract-key specific terminology? Normally neither term would have a hyphen (so, "contract id" and "contract key").

Author: Hyphens removed.

> In the case of contract-keys a number of contracts may have used the contract-key over time. The latest contract will be returned first with earlier contracts be returned in subsequent calls with a populated continuation-token.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the case of contract-keys a number of contracts may have used the contract-key over time. The latest contract will be returned first with earlier contracts being returned in subsequent calls with a populated continuation-token.
```

> In the case of contract-keys a number of contracts may have used the contract-key over time. The latest contract will be returned first with earlier contracts being returned in subsequent calls with a populated continuation-token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the case of contract-keys, a number of contracts may have used the contract-key over time. The latest contract is returned first, with earlier contracts being returned in subsequent calls with a populated continuation token.
```

.. note::

>   When querying by contract-key the key value must be structured in a same way as the key returned in the create event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  When querying by contract-key, the key value must be structured in the same way as the key returned in the create event.
```
